Hi.
My name is Ram Sundar.
And if you're here today watching this video, I can assume that you're actively investing in your own
professional and career development.
Just like you.
I was a job seeker.
After graduation, I spent more than a year without finding the right job, and this was because I didn't
have the guidance that I needed.
Then I started working on them and slowly removing all the pain points and coming up with strategies
that helped me with success to such an extent that I have not failed an interview since 2011.
Today, I am a business coach to small and medium sized businesses.
I help them accelerate their revenues.
I'm also a body language coach and a licensed professional engineer living in Canada.
I'm also a returning guest speaker at the University of Guelph in Ontario and at the Immigrant Services
Canada, where I help newcomers.
What sets this course apart is that this course is based on my book, Acing Your Job Search.
It was written under my author name, Roy Mapleton.
It's available online, but we won't go into that.
This is the only course in the market right now with a comprehensive section on body language, nonverbal
communication.
And it's not just general advice, like smile and make eye contact because you can find that information
for free on YouTube.
This is about positioning yourself as a superstar interviewee by building a relationship with your interviewer
through body language and through some very, very critical strategies like the Fuji method and the
Star method.
And we start with creating a resume and creating your documents, crafting your elevator pitch, and
then we study body language.
There are practice exercises which I absolutely recommend that you do.
You also need to work on your documents as you're working through the course.
So everything runs in parallel, and by the time you're done with the course, you'll have your documents
ready.
You know what to say, you know how to say it.
And when the time comes for an interview, then you will not fail.
So that's it.
Without further ado, let's get into the course and thank you very much for watching.
Good luck.